NEW Add user documentation for MFA, TOTP and WebAuthn modules (#310)
silverstripe/silverstripe-mfa: docs/en/userguide/index.md

title: Multi-factor Authentication (MFA)

> # Multi-factor Authentication (MFA)

Reviewer: Since we're abbreviating it regularly to MFA, this might be worth doing:
```suggestion
# Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)
```

verification step to the login process, you can prevent an unauthorised user
from accessing your account, even if they know your username/email and password.

Unlike your username/email and password, which is something only you know, MFA
verification asks you to provide something only you have - a physical device,
like your phone or a USB device. Some services can also verify something you are
- for example your fingerprint or face. For more information, see
[the CERT NZ guide](https://www.cert.govt.nz/individuals/guides/getting-started-with-cyber-security/two-factor-authentication/).

Two popular verification methods are supported by SilverStripe MFA:

#### Authenticator apps (TOTP)

An authenticator app is installed on your phone which generates temporary
single-use passcodes needed for MFA verification. Each code is usable for only a
short period of time before a new one is automatically generated.

#### Security keys (WebAuthn)

A security key is a physical device, such as a USB key, that is activated during
MFA verification. This may involve plugging the device into your computer or
bringing the key in range of a compatible device supporting wireless

> communications (NFC). To use a Security key with SilverStripe MFA, you must log

Reviewer: You've capitalised the S here but not in the first line

in using a supported browser (Chrome 70+, Firefox 60+ or Edge 18+) over HTTPS.

<div class="hint" markdown="1">
**Recovery codes**

Recovery codes are a backup verification method. In the event that you lose

> access to your primary verification method, a recovery code can be used to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
access to your other verification methods, a recovery code can be used to
```
